feature(devservices): added pubsub dev service (#439)
quarkiverse/quarkus-google-cloud-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/pubsub.adoc

    }
}
----

== Dev Service

=== Configuring the Dev Service

The extension provides a Dev Service that can be used to run a local PubSub emulator. This is useful for testing purposes, so you don't have to rely on a real PubSub instance. By default, the Dev Service is disabled, but you can enable it by setting the

* `quarkus.google.cloud.pubsub.devservice.enabled` property to `true`

You can also set the

* `quarkus.google.cloud.pubsub.devservice.port` property to change the port on which the emulator will be started (by default there is no port set, so the emulator will use a random port)

=== Using the Dev Service

> If we want to connect to the Dev Service, we need to specify `TransportChannelProvider` when creating subscription and publisher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want to connect to the Dev Service, we need to specify `TransportChannelProvider` when creating subscriptions and publishers.
```

We can just reuse the code from the previous example and add the `TransportChannelProvider` to the `Subscriber` and `Publisher`. So what do we need to change?

> As a first thing we should declare variable which we can then reuse:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a first thing, we should declare a variable which we can then reuse:
```
